Add usage docs section (#988)
elastic/ecs: docs/usage/README.md

# Usage Docs

ECS fields can benefit from additional context and examples which describe their real-world usage. This directory provides a place in the documentation to capture these usage details. AsciiDoc markdown files can be added for any fieldset defined in ECS.

## Adding a Usage Doc

1. Create an AsciiDoc formatted file with the `.asciidoc` file extension.

> 2. Save the file in this directory (`docs/usage`), naming it after the its associated fieldset (e.g. a usage document for the `base.*` fields would be named `base.asciidoc`).

Reviewer: In the example here I would make the association between both files even more obvious

```suggestion
2. Save the file in this directory (`docs/usage`), naming it after its associated field set (e.g. a usage document for the fields defined in `schemas/base.yml` fields would be named `docs/usage/base.asciidoc`).
```

3. Run `make`. The asciidoc generator will generate the ECS field reference, including the present usage docs.

If the filename doesn't match a currently defined fieldset, the usage document will not appear on the ECS docs site. This logic is handled in the AsciiDoc generator scripts, `scripts/generators/asciidoc_fields.py`.

## Template

> The following is a simple AsciiDoc template as a starting point:

Reviewer: Fantastic idea to provide this starting boilerplate 👍
